[Music]
this week I had this
very interesting
um conversation with somebody and and we
were taking a walk together and he
started telling me the story of where
his marriage was at and it's the same
story that I think I've heard a lot like
the players are different but it's
basically hey we got married it was
really great we're happy and
over time
there's like this kind of built up
resentment there's this like walking on
eggshells there is this like we're not
like entirely happy with one another
that whole thing and sometimes I hear
that story in marriages sometimes I hear
the story between Founders sometimes I
hear the story inside of a job and
and to me usually there's a couple key
words in this that are
um
that that will point me to the the idea
that this is all created by conflict
avoidance and that's what this
conversation I was having was was like
oh
this is all about conflict avoidance and
so we started talking about it it was
really useful for for him and then he
said oh you know I've got this CEO
friend who's having same issues conflict
avoidance getting in the way of his work
in the way of his marriage
and you don't have an episode on it so
could you so could you make an episode
on conflict avoidance and so that's
that's how this thing is happening
they're like I'm just I'm all into it so
beautiful yeah
yeah yeah
it's fun because there's also not a
single episode that we can point to that
isn't also about conflict avoidance in
some facet or some regard
totally yeah um exactly but yeah people
want to search for One by conflict
avoidance in the title then here we go
here we go it's gonna go straight to
this straight to the center yeah
yeah well this is great I I just got
married and everything's great so like
let's see
I want to hear more of the story yeah
yeah
so so typically the way that The Story
Goes is there's things that are
happening and the and somebody doesn't
want to deal with the ramifications of
the conversation
and that's where the conflict avoidance
comes in it's it's oh I don't want to
um
make them angry or something to that
effect my my guess is that this is not
going to be something that you and Alexa
are gonna face because
you if there's a problem you all talk
about it despite the consequences of it
despite
whether somebody gets upset despite
um whether somebody might want to leave
somebody else what I've noticed is you
two want to have that conversation
conversation
because it's more important for you to
be in the truth of it than it is to make
it
make it good right now and so that's
really that's where the conflict
avoidance really destroys a marriage in
the long run is because you're not
showing up
in your truth
as a way to avoid the potential outcome
of
the other person's Behavior or being
abandoned or whatever and I I've
definitely had many experiences
throughout my life where sometimes
there's been like a
like a year of running two years
kind of maybe maybe it's somebody with a
yeah like a business partner a
co-founder or a an employee or it's
a a romantic partner or it's just
somebody somebody in my life that I want
to collaborate with but I'm not or we're
kind of collaborating but we're actually
a little bit more in competition
this comes up all over life this yeah
and it can be a Slow Burn
yeah yes you're right it does come up
all over life and sometimes the issue is
that you don't realize that it feels
wrong and so you don't address it and
sometimes the issue is
is it worth it you know is it worth it
to bring this up blah blah blah yeah so
you're in the analysis of it forever
yeah yeah exactly
so yeah I think I think what's important
is to start by like I'm sure there's
some folks who are like what the hell
conflict avoidance so what what I mean
by conflict avoid avoidance is that
you're not using conflict to get what
you want so I think some people when
they think about conflict they're
thinking
oh if somebody likes conflict then
they're just gonna go and fight to get
the things that they want that that is
like creating conflict that is not
being that is not like uh inviting or
allowing conflict or seeing the the
benefit of conflict so you mean like
using conflict as a manipulative tool
like correct if I create conflict then
I'm in
some kind of home turf where I know I
can win another one everyone's else is
going to run away from their wants and
then I'm going to get what I want that
kind of thing yeah yeah or like a boss
who comes in and yells not conflict
avoidant but also
like not using conflict to create great
Solutions or not using conflict to
create connection right yeah so I think
seeing the conflict that's there
yes exactly yeah
yeah right
so when I'm saying conflict avoidance
what I'm not saying is that you're using
com like if you're not conflict avoidant
then you're saying then you're not using
conflict to get what you want what
you're doing is you're allowing conflict
to get something better than you could
actually imagine
and so what I mean there is that there's
there's
typically if there's two people and they
are closer they're working together they
love each other and they start having
conflict
there that is the room for growth for a
better solution that's like that is the
natural tension of evolution
and to avoid it you avoid the evolution
if you go into it then you then you
speed the evolution so it's not creating
tension it's noticing the tension that's
there the conflict that's there the
friction that's there there and then
leaning in instead of Leaning away from
it
yeah so it allows the it allows the
conflict or the attention itself to
transform and allows you and the other
person to transform in your relationship
and in your relationships to yourselves
and if that's not happening then the
conflict will become some stagnant
energy that ultimately everything else
in your life becomes oriented around
either avoiding or keeping in place or
not disturbing not pulling up the rug
and seeing all the
cobwebs under it that kind of thing
and it'll get bigger and bigger so that
when you finally lean into the conflict
as a much higher chance of blowing [__]
up right whereas if you're like right on
top of it in every moment well I mean
don't it doesn't need to be that
diligent but if you on a weekly basis
say okay what's where's the tension here
that I'm not addressing and I'm going to
address it then it's usually easier
to to move through most of it yeah so
what what makes this a thing what makes
people avoid conflict
how a lot of it has to do with scared of
their own anger or Scare and therefore
scared of other people's anger like fear
of anger has a tremendous amount to do
with it for most folks
um
they're scared of losing love so oh if I
say what I want if I say what doesn't
work for me
we saw that today in master class right
it's like that fear of losing your love
losing love being abandoned
um but the one that I think people don't
see that is really important to see is
that it is a fear of being seen and
being loved like love is very scary if
you really let it all the way in it'll
you know blow you apart and
you know it'll break you open and so I
think if you are conflict avoidant means
you're not showing up as you and
therefore you can't be loved and so
you're actually preventing love from
happening
so it's like
the way I would say it is if I am
conflict of when I'm not showing up in
my truth if I'm not showing up in my
truth nobody can love me for my truth
which means they can't love me they're
loving some part thing of me that I'm
putting forth in the world some image
some you know projection of what I think
I should be and then I get to say
they're not loving me they don't see me
they're just seeing this image and
that's all I'm letting them see and
that's the cycle yeah that's the circle
that's right so I think that that that's
there's a lot of other symptoms to it
that might be seen as reasons
um but I would say those are the those
are the core ones those are when I when
I see people work on conflict avoidance
if they get really good with their anger
and if they really lean into being
abandoned and find the the pleasure of
that experience and the freedom of that
experience
and um
and really start learning to love
themselves and therefore they're not
scared of being loved
the pro the the thing goes away
okay assistant so those are
the conflict avoidance goes away yeah
right right and so if these are the
reasons and you mentioned that there's
other symptoms what are some of the
other symptoms or the consequences
um yeah ways that you could see wait
like ways that you could follow a
breadcrumb back to your conflict
avoidance if you noticed this in your
life and also just reasons to
uh reasons to address this yeah yeah
yeah great
uh bad relationships your relationships
have become resentful and stagnant and
you don't you're like I don't want to go
home that would be one uh you get bad
Solutions
um so let's say in a marriage where
there's conflict it means one person's
gotten there not no conflict it means
there's one person's gotten the way or
the other person's gotten the way or
there's separation and none of those are
great Solutions
with conflict you can find the thing
that works for everybody and that helps
everybody grow and
and Thrive and so you don't get those
kind of real those kinds of solutions
nor would you in a business right if
there's like two if like the tech
department is disagreeing with the
customer service department or the sales
department it means that there's a lack
of an alignment in the company and
there's a solution that's available that
can actually
handle both teams concerns and so the
job is to find that solution it is not
to pick either or and so better
Solutions
um there's just a left less aliveness
what I notice is when people are
conflict avoidant
it just
starts feeling heavy like it's just like
there's just something that the
aliveness goes away I was working with a
CEO this week
and and she was avoiding just the
tension of leading and the people that
she had to call out to really lead and
the conflicts she had to have and then
she leaned into it and it was like I
don't want to do this job on Monday and
on Friday she's like this is [__]
exciting and great I was like it's the
most it was the most
um
palpable quick transformation I've ever
seen in it it was amazing wow and all of
a sudden she was like absolutely alive
in it
um a bad leadership conflict avoidance
is is you know I literally used to have
in a a personality assessment if people
were conflict avoidant I would not hire
them in a CEO role because usually
conflict avoidance in a CEO and a leader
means that decisions don't get made it
means that problems are allowed to
fester and it makes everybody who's
following that person lose faith in that
person because they're letting this like
they're letting the Cesspool grow
um
so yeah so that would be something that
I wouldn't hire CEOs for
um
hiding from love which we've already
talked about oh and then the other thing
that's interesting is
aggressive people become more aggressive
and more domineering when you are
conflict avoidant and so you're like
increa like just perfect golden
algorithm you're increasing the amount
of conflict that comes to you because
what what happens if there's an
aggressive person and you can't meet
them then in their mind you don't care
or you can't hold them or they're better
than you and so if somebody's aggressive
and you can meet them you're like yeah
I'm not like I'm right here I'm holding
you baby like your anger does not scare
me then they can settle down and relax
and and so then there's less conflict
and I was this is a cool story about
this so last night I'm having dinner
with
this guy and he's like he works at a tie
he runs a tire shop and he is like he's
been a friend for a while he's like I'm
gonna do whatever I want oh like he's
just like that kind of guy
and I freaking love it there is like
there's no lack of authenticity and he
just says whatever he think I just love
that and so we're sitting there talking
and he's talking about how working at
this tire shop is not doing well for him
because he's getting angry
often but then he tells me the story is
like yeah these customers come in and
they're absolutely like
[__]
he's like and I'm just like
he goes and then they always are like
yeah here's my phone number I'd like to
keep in touch at the end of it like
every time that he holds holds the and I
was like let me explain what like I was
like geeking out I'm like
psychologically let me explain to you
how that works and it's that thing of
like he he they they feel like oh my
anger is safe here like I can have anger
in this person's not gonna fold and so I
actually want this person in my life and
he's like
he's like this happens four times a week
where I literally am like hey
hold the container in this person who
started off as like
the [__] in like the 150 000 car
who's like come on open the door it's
only 5 45 you close to 5 30. ends up
saying hey can we hang out you know at
the end of it yeah so he's registering
the anger as a problem
and
if he's if he was paying attention it's
actually bringing him closer to
connection and also
clarifying boundaries and resulting in
better relationships and if he had that
recognition
land more deeply the anger would be even
less constricted and it would just be he
would just be there meeting them with
love
yes yeah I would say that the thing that
like if he could hold that same energy
without the anger he would be a lot less
constricted correct and I think that's
about for him it's
not beating himself up for the anger but
it's also about not taking stuff
personally so
slightly different thing that's
happening there but yes if he could love
the anger it would show up with less oh
to it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
using the word anger not to describe
just what people see as anger but also
just the the internal felt experience of
if you notice that little bit of anger
in you when a customer is
doing whatever a customer does that
makes you angry
the earlier you notice it and the less
constricted you are around it the more
fully you can meet the situation without
without it being about them without it
being about blame
yes yeah yeah or about you right or
about like yeah yeah or that yeah no
blame our shame yeah yeah so so what are
some of the stories that people tell to
themselves or just others like what kind
of World Views do people hold that will
help them avoid conflict
or cause them to avoid it
yeah we'll see
um
some folks are just like oh I should
just take care of myself and and like
what does it have to do with them
anyways like I should just like be able
to overcome my anger that would be one
that would do that
um I
um it's my fault what do I what did I do
wrong how do I fix myself
is another one that allows people to
avoid conflict uh it's pointless you
know they're gonna always be an [__]
so why even handle it like I can't
change my wife just true you can't
change your wife or your husband but
that doesn't mean it's okay not to tell
them what's happening with you and how
how how it all feels to you
um they won't get it it's not worth it
uh people who fight I I heard this one
just last week too which was someone was
like yeah I just kind of before I
realized this I just felt like everybody
who had conflict was an idiot and they
were like lesser than me
he's like now he's like now I'm like I
think he just posted something and you
know in uh masterclass about loving his
anger and so
yeah those are other examples so that I
think sometimes we put we judge others
sometimes we put ourselves above
sometimes we do it by saying that it's
our problem there's lots of ways that we
avoid the conflict a Common Thread that
I hear in all of these is that the
conflict doesn't go away it just goes
internal
like
I should take care of myself is an
internal conflict it's my fault as an
internal conflict it's pointless they
won't get it not worth it
still kind of still kind of a conflict
there's like a suppression yeah yes
because I'm not I'm not living the life
I want to live and I can't that's an
internal conflict yeah
yeah people want to fight over this
stuff
therefore if I were ever to fight I'm
bad or wrong or weak or whatever it is
that I judge therefore the conflict is
just another
all of these are just ways instead of
having having the conflict out in the
open where it actually exists bringing
it inside and cycling it inside
ourselves beautiful oh I never thought
about it that's yeah that's so obvious
and so beautiful and well seen yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah great very cool
yeah yeah awesome so
I want to make sure that we don't make
you know make this pathologized thing of
like oh conflict avoidance this is
clearly ineffective and wrong what are
you doing being conflict avoidant what's
the what's the wisdom
behind the pattern behind the behavior
of avoiding conflict
yeah I think there's a couple things
first is like short term if you want
short-term results it's probably best
not to
is it's okay to avoid the conflict
meaning okay I'm gonna feel better for
now on some level and so there I think
there's actually logical times to do
that if it's
you know somebody you're in a in a
supermarket with you know and it's like
and they're like push you aside it's
like yeah you could like handle you
could say like ah I don't know like I
think that the key there is if you can
actually
forgive and forget great and if you
can't forgive and forget then there's
something to be done it doesn't mean
there's something to be done with the
person at the supermarket but there's
something to be done
maybe internally so you're not carrying
around that internal conflict as you
just said I think that's one I think
there's also times when you have
somebody who's like
got a personality disorder or something
like that and conflict doesn't actually
get to resolution
or somebody who is so defensive
potentially the conflict doesn't ever
get to resolution I think there's a trap
there
and so the the main thing is if that's
the case if you're with somebody whose
conflict can never get to resolution for
whatever reason like then what are you
doing with that person in your life in
any way whether they're a boss or a
or a mate or or best friend like if
that's really the case and you have your
own questioning to do like what would
make me be with somebody where I can't
resolve conflict because there is no
relationship that won't have some
so there's that aspect and I think that
but there's also the other aspect where
people can say
um yeah the conflict can never be
resolved so I'm not going to deal with
it
um
partially that might be the by the way
that you handle the conflict the way
you're handling the conflict so there's
something there as well you might be the
one for which there's always conflict
right yeah exactly
exactly exactly
so but there there's some wisdom to all
of that and and I think more importantly
I think the other way to say I would say
to not pathologize
it and I think the more important way to
say it is like this developed for a
reason this developed because you had
somebody in your Early Childhood who was
like Angry all the time and there was no
way to resolve that conflict you didn't
get the apologies that you were that
were would have been honorable to give
you
um so what happened is you learned a
skill of avoiding conflict and what's
interesting is people who are really
good at avoiding conflict they are
really good at like forgiving and
forgetting on some level like the
immediate thing can happen
um
but then it just kind of sits underneath
and eventually blows everything up
um so that's the other that's the other
pieces is is
just to really recognize that it's not a
bad thing it was a probably saved your
life at some point you know or at least
made your life a lot more bearable
so so to the flip side of that like when
is when is leaning into conflict or not
avoiding a conflict
bad for you or
a
you know like I think what you're saying
see see if I can get the question right
what I'm hearing you say is like the
other side of it is like you go around
creating conflict like when is that
right or or you have one mode like the
hand the hand that's always opened or
closed is still crippled if you're like
if there's a conflict I'm leaning into
it and then that becomes dogmatic and
then you find yourself in a life of
conflict and also constantly triggered
and over like out of Regulation and yeah
yeah so that's great that's great step
into conflict you're not ready for that
you end up
yeah buckling over because you stepped
into
yeah to surefoot in the first place but
then weren't able to back it up what's
the
right yeah I would say so there's the
there's one form of it which is I'm
creating conflict in my life so I'm not
avoiding it I'm creating it and I like
yeah I [__] hate what you're doing
why are you doing that like that is it's
not conflict avoidant but it isn't it's
it's also creating conflict where it's
completely unnecessary and I
and then the other version of that is
I'm going to step into conflict but I am
um
I'm not able to do it in uh non-personal
or non-defended way
and and I and I'm not able to announce
that and own that
so to to come in and say
wow this is bothering me and I'm taking
it really personally and I don't want to
be taking it personally that's one thing
and I think a great thing
but to be like what you know why did you
do this I'm not avoiding conflict and
like so you're starting a fight because
you're defended and because you're shut
down and you're armored up
you know the you can do that and to be
honest with you I think that's actually
a better way to go than to be completely
conflict avoidant however
it doesn't teach you the the main thing
which is that the conflict is the
the Grist for The evolutionary Mill like
it is the exact place that we need to
lean in and to learn to resolve it's
it's it's very much like if you're
running a factory
your job is to go and find all the extra
friction
psychological friction or physical
friction and and you like you look for
it you get excited because you see it
because if you can
work that issue then all of a sudden
everything runs smoother and it's the
same thing inside of a relationship and
so if you're in any way leaning into the
conflict in which it doesn't smooth it
out then there's still something to
learn about how to lean into conflict
however I'd far rather have somebody
lean into conflict occasionally and get
it wrong
than to completely lean at like I'm not
going to have conflict until I am in a
perfect position that I can go in and do
it the right way
it's like there's no faith in other
people in that and you know that I would
say don't do that don't do that it's a
fine balance but you'll know it you'll
know that you'll know how like if you do
this as a practice you get better and
better at having conflict and you get
better and better at making each moment
of conflict a deep teaching and learning
yeah there's sort of a paradox in what I
heard you say earlier where if you're
leaning into the conflict and it's a
fight
then it's like
that's going to create more conflict so
there's something about like if you can
lean into a conflict but you're actually
holding the energy that this isn't a
fight like I'm not defended I'm not
it's Empower over power essentially and
yeah in terms of this week's Master
Class
yes where if you step into a conflict
and you are empowered and you're looking
for the solution and you're advocating
for your wants and your needs and you're
also in View and you're curious and you
want the other person to succeed as well
then yes what the tension becomes just
beautiful tension
so to walk into a conflict as though
it's a fight is to create conflict
yes beautiful
yeah
yeah or or
also walking into conflict like I'll
never get what I want also isn't it it's
not a great way to walk into the
conflict either or to say walking into a
conflict with your own internal conflict
conflict like if if you have the belief
I'll never get what I want you have that
conflict internally
yeah and you can't fully show up to the
external
relationship or that conflict because
right a story that you have is in the
way
right and I would still rather have
someone do that than completely avoid
the conflict because at least you can
learn something in that interaction that
you can't learn just keeping it all to
yourself right and I think that that
that that's the that's the other thing
is like if you are looking for a fight
if you're coming defended and ready for
the fight then you're gonna sound like
this what made you do that and you can
say that you're not avoiding conflict
but that's actually creating conflict or
if you're I'm never going to get what I
want it
and there's a lot of versions of it but
one would be like oh like why can't why
do you keep doing that to me why are you
doing that to me which is also gonna not
get you what you want right if you are
like oh this is conflict and I'm excited
to learn something from this
even if I'm triggered or anything then
it's like hey what's happening like
you're then you're in view you're like
what what what made that happen What
made
what made us have a conflict here how do
we how do we both get what we want and
and you know so it's a whole different
attitude I'm not not saying what to say
I'm just saying what's the attitude
what's the emotional experience behind
it yeah and so for so for listeners who
are sort of kind of fuzzy about this
right now like leaning into conflict not
avoiding conflict avoiding conflict how
how could people notice when
if they're leaning into conflict is
actually avoidance of something else
yeah if you're trying to get your way
or if you rather win
or if you think there's a winner or a
loser all of those are pretty much good
good signs that you are either creating
conflict or avoiding conflict
um if it becomes either or binary
somebody's when someone loses or I'm
trying to get my way or they're going to
get their way it's not really leaning
into conflict
if your main concern really isn't I want
to see them and I want to be seen
maybe you can't be seen But to be in
that like oh this conversation is about
seeing them and seeing if they can see
me
I will really that's a very different
way to approach conflict
and I'd imagine this also traces back to
like what is your experience in the
conflict how are you experiencing the
conflict right now
is it being enjoyed are you in
constriction
do you feel you have to endure it is it
something that you're
welcoming
so what what happens in any of those
kind of attitudes and stances so what I
would say is that there is the
there's like the okay I'll handle the
conflict and you're gonna have more of
that story from the Tire Guy at the
beginning like that's what that's gonna
look like
there's also like enjoying the conflict
in a way that's like a personal oh cool
I have tension inside myself I get to
feel that I get to go into the conflict
and learn something that's going to
create
um a state of like a lot of equanimity
and curiosity you're going to be
much more in view
if you are
constricted against if you're defending
against the conflict you're either going
to avoid it or you're going to do it in
such a way that really amplifies it is
another yeah and so and if it's an
enduring of conflict
then it's almost always like this
avoidance that comes with it so
it's really like and and the cool thing
is is as you
as you learn to handle conflict
externally
then you also start learning how to
handle conflict internally
like oh oh wow okay I have this internal
conflict what's the what's the beauty
here instead of the typical question
which is how do I make this go away
Hey Joe right like half the questions
Hey Joe I have this internal conflict
how do I make it go away hey that's like
instead of Hey Joe I've got this
internal conflict how do I make hay how
do I learn how do I grow what is this
how does this make me this conflict is
actually the tension that allows me to
evolve I'm so excited by it
so that as you learn to approach
conflict externally that way
it changes internally as well yeah
so so we've got listeners at all kinds
of different levels from all kinds of
different angles of this pattern
a lot of them are probably asking a very
a question of the very same nature like
how do I stop being conflict avoidant
and well what would be what would be
like a good
range of next steps concrete steps
somebody might take to begin an
experimentation or a journey
yeah getting good with your own anger
allowing you know your anger to move and
in a safe place where nobody gets hurt
and you're not doing it in a way that
causes any damage and or hurts anybody
but and getting good with your anger is
going to be a huge part of it
um
doing little experiments uh what's the
little Littlest itty bitty conflict that
I have and how do I address that
and feeling all the feelings that come
in
to that like what are all the feelings
that come into that and then how do you
feel them
um so that's a that's a really good one
um
the other thing that you can do is
visualize
the consequences
and like emotionally feel through the
consequences like typically one of the
ways to really notice there's conflict
of what is happening is you are what I
call walking on eggshells where you're
like careful of the other person's mood
and you're trying to manage the other
person's mood and what happens if you
don't and and then visualize and feel
everything you have to feel there so
just like anything you're avoiding
conflict so you don't have to feel
certain emotions so go feel the emotions
and then you want to avoid the conflict
which is a lot like just being in the
other person if you find yourself in the
other person
yeah in their mind in their emotions
taking on their emotions being
responsible for them
feeling them such that you're not
feeling your own then that's also a
pointer to be yeah to be with yourself
yeah it's it's a great question it's
like
what makes you that's a great question
to just ask yourself what makes you care
more about their emotional state than
yours or the other version of this is
what makes it your job to take care of
their emotional state and what would
make it their job to take care of your
emotional state would be a great
question because that's what conflict of
winds is really doing is you're managing
somebody else's emotions
um
and then feel the pain of not being
loved
you're not showing up so no one can love
you feel the pain of that
oftentimes it is
that pain when you become so acutely
aware of it you can't avoid conflict
anymore
if you really sit down and say oh I am
not I there's no I have set it up so
that my wife husband can never love me
because they don't know
who I am what I feel what's really going
on for me the problems that I have so
they can't freaking love me so I've set
up this world where I can't be loved and
they can't love me
and and feel your pain in that and feel
their pain like oh imagine that they
want to love you and they can't because
you're not there
let that let that hurt and if that hurts
long enough you're gonna stop it you're
gonna be like okay here it is this is me
yeah those are all really great ways
yeah yeah I'm not sure if you mentioned
this one but
also with regard to your wants
if you let yourself feel your wants long
enough that will also burn
yes and until you ask you know like so
asking asking for what you want can be a
great way
yeah for sure if you're gonna ask for
what you want because most of the time
the people who are really conflict
avoidant are also not asking for certain
things they want as a for instance it's
like
I want to live in the country and my
wife doesn't want to drive a car
and so I can't ask I can't ask for like
hey I really want to live in the country
I can't ask for that because my wife
really doesn't want to you know drive a
car
as a weird example but so almost all the
times the
us not being able to ask for what we
want is a
means we're avoiding conflict
yeah yeah yeah that's cool
well that feels like a pretty good place
to to leave this one yeah anything else
to add
I got nothing okay I'm all tapped out
today
that's an ad let's call it thank you
everybody for listening
yeah thanks yeah oh yeah hey you can
we're we're doing social media now
if you've gone on this journey long
enough we're doing uh there's like the
Twitter that we've always had there's uh
I think I think Fu Joe is my Twitter
handle that's happening now so if you
want to be there Joe Hudson I believe oh
thank you f you Joe Hudson
um thank you and uh we're on LinkedIn
and yeah so if you're interested you can
check us out there as well yeah and
there's also a share button if I don't
know if anyone's ever heard this on any
podcast or YouTube video but you can
actually subscribe to things and know
when they're happening and you can even
share them with your friends just saying
we're just putting it out there and then
we're gonna own our wants we we actually
want you to subscribe and share
so I'm just gonna drop this okay
yeah
all right
all right love you Brett it's good to be
with you as always yeah thank you
bye